# Adventure Works Dashboard

## Here is an overview of the report of created using adventure works dataset. This includes the KPI’s and the visual representation of each field.



### Page 01
#### The first page includes all the KPI’s that need to be analyzed for sales performance of the products. The line and stacked column chart represent the order quantity and net revenue of the top 10 products. It is to reveal which has a high demand over the products. Further units sold and net revenue based on each territory were visualized using map and donut chart respectively. To analyze further on total cost and total revenue, time series were created using line chart. There has been a tremendous sale of products with regarding to quantity and cost. The second page includes the sales overview of the adventure dataset. Comparison of online and offline sales were represented using gauge. A target was set to achieve a maximum of number of sales in both modes by finding the average of the order quantity. On the side there are filters including four dropdown and a slicer. Dropdown includes year, month, product category and location/territory as the metrics whereas slicer used to filter out based on product ID. Time series were created to analyze total sales, tax, due amount and freight related to online sales. A zoom slider has been added up to further enhance the comparison between the metrics. To analyze which location, have more profit over the sales donut chart was visualized to make it easier to analyze where it says southwest has a highest profit from product sales. Table was created to find out the top 5 product categories according to line total and cost to find out the highest priced label category. To find out the most sold product category clustered bar chart was visualized to find out helmet has a greatest demand.
